---
title: "2021"
collection: letters
excerpt: ""
permalink: "/letters/2021"
date: 2021-08-28
image: "https://ahmadbelb.github.io/Blog/images/writing.jpg"
---

Hi there!
Thank you for your birthday wishes.
In case you did not wish me, it is totally not a big deal! I am writing to you nevertheless to stay in touch …. something I have been quite terrible at since the pandemic broke. I am including a short update from my side. This is not meant to be a broadcast of my whereabouts. My goal is to share what I learnt in the last one year and ultimately let you know that I am safe and sound :). I would really appreciate a “hi, I am doing great!” or a slightly longer update from you if you find the time!
Just like everyone in the world, COVID-19 came as a shock to my daily life. I still remember tracking the growing number of positive cases several times a day like most probably did. But unlike most people, I have been extremely fortunate not to have been affected in any way in my professional or personal life. In fact, I find that I have more time for myself, more money for myself, and more freedom for myself. However, I recognize that this is likely, not true for you, so if I can help alleviate the hardships brought by COVID-19 disruptions in your life, please, please, please, don’t hesitate to reach out to me. I can help you pick up groceries, help you find a job, or help you with anything else you might need help with.
Since I was largely unaffected by the pandemic, I crossed an important milestone in my studies. I was fortunate enough to have been accepted to the masters in computational science and engineering as I wanted to transition from civil engineering for a while now. I learned from interviewing for admission that anecdotes are rarely appropriate to make a scientific argument.

As a wish for my birthday, it would mean the world to me if you and your close ones don’t miss your routine physical health checkup. Yes, the pandemic has made it hard to receive healthcare unrelated to COVID-19, but the sad truth is that other diseases continue to attack us.  Of course, this is anecdotal evidence, but if it helps improve even one life, I think that is a win for all of us. So please go get your health checkup!
Thank you again for preserving our relationship. It means a lot to me. I hope to hear from you soon. As I said, a simple “hi” will do.



Regards, 



Ahmad
